before we begin let me start by saying
I'm explaining this movie for future
generations because aside from people
who died before 1977 the Amish and the
visually impaired they're the only ones
who ain't [ __ ] seen it and even the
visually impaired of product can hurt it
the stars of our movie today
ah who could have guessed if you aged 40
years y'all could be in a hit movie just
because you aged 40 years don't worry
someday Disney will replace you with CGI
don't worry y'all are wearing suits so
you're easily replaceable this that's
been trying to get his character killed
off since they made this movie and the
guy who's been in some violent movies
but y'all is still watching sequels to
the in Avengers full of love of the
false play our story begins with
scrolling backstory text to let us know
what we're looking at but nobody could
ever seem to read it all in one go so
let me break it down for you there's a
war in the stars there's two sides
Empire rebels Empire bed rebels good
rebels still plans to big galactic
empire boom boom weapon rich navy
princess is smuggling the plans thank
you very much my popcorns already gone
play I think you can tell in this scene
who the rebels are they're the ones
getting [ __ ] up and this guy walks in
and you know he's important because he's
the only one who's wearing a different
color and he puts his hands on his hips
and he's like well goddamn what the hell
happened up in here look if George Lucas
can make him sound however he won't so
can i this princess lettuce organic puts
the stolen Death Star plans in this
recycle bin
I know droids in the future look like
people but in the past they look like
jalopies and Princess what's-her-face
has a better reaction time than these
trained soldiers I swear these damn
stormtroopers hit it less than an
impotent eunuch but they stood there and
take a captive while the two recycled
recycle bins attain sentience and
abandon humanity to destroy itself do
you know I'm lying this goes on for long
time and this soul inside the cheap
plastic asymmetrical helmet is like you
are being a sneaky little bit
now go [ __ ] your bed in the corner so
these
let's just call him will the thrill and
Boogaloo shrimp because I know when
y'all ain't watching Avengers sequels
you're still watching The Fresh Prince
oh yeah there are two d2 and c3po
they're captured and sold to this
impoverished boy and his thirsty water
farm and family this is Luke and r2d2
shows Luke the recording of the princess
and Luke is like look at those pixelated
titties you know a man's hard up when
he's checking out his sister and she
ain't even in HD and you can see these
people were technologically advanced by
these 1970s Tupperware cups this was
made to last so if you would like a
piece of Star Wars movie memorabilia
just go to your nearest beach and you'll
probably find that plastic that's
floating somewhere in the ocean assuming
the whole damn planet ain't plastic and
there's stuff in oceans and I guess no
matter how advanced the civilization
gets they will still drink another
mammals berry juice so Luke s his uncle
Owen hey do you know some guy named
hanky panky you want a Spanky ain't
nothing long says I'm old I don't
remember nothing about no hanky panky
Oh guru waits for Luke to leave and then
she says you don't know nothing about no
hanky panky you here last night
stormtrooper Boogaloo d2 splits luke and
c3peo go to find him and they encounter
ben wallace pinky who was like oh yeah I
almost forgot about hanky panky he's me
ain't had a Spanky since so before you
were born you kind of cute want to give
me one and Ben Spanky Obi one or
whatever teases Luke with his fancy ride
and it glows neon in the dark
and it's the greatest tool of space monk
can hold in his hand then our two shows
in the princesses complete message and
everyone is like you must go with me to
save your sister but you don't know
she's your sister
but I do but I really don't because
George ain't thought of that yet but
Luke says I can't go what would I tell
my own uncle and everyone says problem
the dead weight and looks like oh I bet
they're dead
and only one else wait Luke you're my
ride what if I have to take a piss dumb
teenage bit yep there they are
everyone wasn't even lying there dead
charm BBQ dead weight
you don't even bury their bodies
maybe the wind will blow when the sand
will just cover them up so to summarize
Luke's aunt and uncle I've done well
done Luke goes with obi-wan to hitch a
ride out dis much into Han Solo he said
with a nice fast ride in the tall
funky-smelling very obedient pet
American on day there was all this
controversy about who shot first who
shot first Han shot first
Creon shot first that's how we spend our
limited days on this earth people of the
future arguing with twelve-year-olds on
the internet over whether some
make-believe characters and some made-up
in universe were noble who cares
Hans greedo's and they're both conducts
normal mortality aside time wasting
debates like that is why we're not here
anymore
we were so busy with dumbass arguments
that we know it ought to look up to
knows the nukes Oh Luke mixing up his
wardrobe a little bit with a poncho they
make a deal with Han and get a ride off
that crusty planet meanwhile Princess
Leia's planet gets the past future space
equivalent of nukes because apparently
they were arguing about who shot first
ooh I guess you could say all Duran went
all to BAM oh that was terrible
han ship gets slipped up by the desktop
Darth Vader is like check out this
kinship just in what the [ __ ] is going
on with them passive codpieces my mother
is huge and me well I am in all of these
Cod pieces anyway Luke Han and his devil
Brown yet he killed the stormtroopers
Luke and Han take their armor and old
Hankey tells Luke you stay put a guy go
die real quick love you muffin and c-3po
is like hey my little only found in
pixelated titties
and Luke's rod lights up whoa but Han
says no honey boy and looks like now you
listen to me you might have had a lot of
big gallivanting all over the galaxy
but this is the first one I ever saw
damn my garden is Zenon is in the ocean
you looked at every one of their
crotches when I said that didn't you yep
future people still perverts so honey
and Luke find the princess they take it
down a garbage chute and dog Vader says
I sense the presence of my old masters
rod over one finds Darth Vader and is
like
I'm a little winded but I made it Luke
and Leia escaped the trash compactor and
make it back to the ship just in time to
see Obi Wan and his rod go limp and
Vader pokes at the ropes like man up in
vain it's like a fart in the wind the
rest of them bust out and pew pew boom
boom a few bill tribute to the sexual
tension I hope you future people have
caught on by now that the two people who
always argue start to like each other
get married then bow no maybe bow first
then get married have some cheap ugly
emo child hoops up all the good their
parents have done so the movie studios
can make a million mo movies with the
same name and recycled plot short ring
may then shrink to micro Coxon fault
their bloodline Luke and company travel
to the rebel base where they listen to
the plans to destroy the Death Star the
Death Star creeps up on them and Luke
and Han share attend a moment where Han
says his goodbyes and Luke tells him
he's a multi-person boom-booms fun
nothing is like goddamn I got to do
everything my damn self some Pig a guy
gets fried some big guy turns to tiny
bits you know what everybody except the
hero gets blowed up except some wedgie
guy that has to pull out of the Death
Star's crack and all hope seems lost but
nope solo ex machina to the rescue
good timing octo and everyone's
disembodied voice says to Luke Hocus
dumb [ __ ]
so Luke Ames he shoots he scores
and they all get Olympic medals Rebel
Alliance
you've just beat the Empire what are you
gonna do next and you is like we're
going to Disney World
do and be sure to LIKE share and
subscribe for your regular fix of meth
you can expect me to upload videos every
time I feel like ruining somebody's
childhood it was a pleasure for movies
explain for I'm Jeb or die oh and I'm
glad Lucas took the remastered version
with all this CGI can you deal with that
mama did you pray alright
you